you guys unfortunately right now at the
bottom of the rankings do you think that
it would help if you got a girlfriend
yeah probably yeah I think yeah yeah
well it's his first win ever at the LCS
I'm joined right now by deftly in week
four after golden Guardians win with
coverage presented by Omni slash so
definitely this is I hate I hate hate
using this question I never use it but
in this case I'll use it how does it
feel you got your first win it feels
really good especially since we were Oh
in seven before this and also like the
team atmosphere every week is slightly
been going a little worse and a little
worse but we all kept like kept our
heads in it and we came out with the win
today alright so is this it like you
guys go zero seven and then you go ten
and seven I think it's 11 and 7 I think
yeah that's the goal we all talked about
it every week after we go to we're like
okay we can still go whatever and
whatever and yeah hopefully we can go 11
and 7 that is the goal yes
just then you can do the 7/11 commercial
no I mean what where do you think of the
strength of golden Guardian says right
now huh do you guys think that how do
you think you compared to some of the
other teams you you think you're still
at the 10th place so a lot of people
would maybe still rank you or do you
think you're starting to climb up there
I definitely don't think we're at like
the 10th place spot anymore
I think us as a team have grown a lot
over the past couple weeks
especially I'd say last week with like a
lot of stuff changing like logo going
away and also just like fighting through
the losses and I'm really proud of
everybody like not being just depressed
about it and working with each other
yeah yeah I mean do you how important
was this win because I feel like if you
guys go like this far in with with all
these losses it must it would have been
really difficult yeah I think this one
was really crucial for the team actually
because yeah it just sucks to lose and
lose and lose because you never feel
like you're rewarded for your efforts so
it's really great to win oh yeah and
did you guys have plans to celebrate
this we were you're planning on going to
go for a team dinner tonight but then we
were like ah whatever let's let's just
go home and play some solo yeah all
right that's good just get back into it
again for four golden Guardians you know
how's the team atmosphere because you
said that things have been going kind of
not so great or the morale has been been
sinking but how well do all the players
get along is it still has it been awhile
to sort of build to this point because I
interviewed Tyler the coach last night
and he was talking about how you guys
needed to he felt like it was kind of a
lack of teamwork right now um I think
it's nothing there's like no tension in
between players it's we all get along
really well and even when things are
rough like even when we win seven like
we're still really nice to each other
we're really friendly we act like
friends not teammates I think what was
your question again no it's just how's
how's the team working everything for
the team because I you know you
mentioned the morale I'm very curious
how everyone's going getting along
sounds like everyone's getting along
well yeah I think our team just lacks
teamwork like team cohesion like
everyone's not on the same page but I
think once we get that down we're gonna
be like a really good team there's a lot
of talk about the coaching situation
Tyler coming in and a lot of people
because he's not you know a very big
name have been somewhat dismissive I
certainly don't expect you through your
coach underneath the bus but I'm kind of
curious you know what would you say if
Tyler for the people who don't really
know much about him as a as a coach I
think everyone should give like Tyler a
shot he's a I I first was kind of iffy
about it but after the past week with
him coaching us or past two weeks I
guess we've had good results not even on
stage even in scrims as well so I'm
really pleased to have him and I think
is a lot to go where where is he helping
the team because there's all these
different types of coaching right
there's like the in-game analytics side
of it you know a lot of people talk
about how Tony from CLG can help figure
out really great pick band and
compositions other coaches have
strengths and just figuring out how to
make sure that the team can work
together and facilitating conversation
so where do you see Tyler really helping
the team um I think it's somewhere in
the middle since we're not really a
complete team yet it's really easy to
like fix her mistakes so he
he kind of just picks out whatever he
would thinks that's wrong with our team
and we fix it right away all right
moving into kind of a more fun time
first off the Valentine's Day is coming
up I heard that the fans were making
Valentine's Days cards for you guys do
you where do you think you'll place in
terms of how many Valentine's Day cards
you get compared to everybody else
that's a tough question I personally
think I placed third but my teammates
think I'm neither gonna place first or a
second I think high in contracts will
get more but we'll see I think we're
making a video on it tomorrow or
something okay we'll find out and then
finally and only because it's
Valentine's Day would I ask this
question hi your teammate tweeted out a
listing a ranking of all the the teams
and how many girlfriends they have on
them your team your team is tied with
cloud nine for four out of five for the
most the most girlfriends cloud nine
currently number one you guys
unfortunately right now at the bottom of
the rankings do you think that it would
help if you got a girlfriend yeah
probably yeah I think yeah yeah okay
that's great that's all I needed to hear
is there anything you want to say to any
of the fans especially coming off that
win thank you guys for cheering and like
watching our games and we're going to
make sure to come out with a lot more
wins thank you so much definitey
congratulations on the big win your
first win and the LCS looking forward to
seeing what else you guys can do check
out the rest of the split everyone else
you can check out the rest my coverage
of all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel
why haven't you subscribed yet you
should definitely see that Omni slash
and I are bringing you these interviews
you haven't done it it's just so
disappointing
please please subscribe